##Lab 5: Use cases scenario, flow chart (activity diagram), user interface views & components

####A. Use cases scenario and flow chart

1. If not already started, list (some of) the use cases for your project.
view schedule
view where class is
view current location
view who are in the class
view who were on lecture 
check in a class of current location
view where coursemates/friends are
add friends
view statistics


2. Write down a use case scenario following the template:  
  1. initial state - welcome screen, login page
  2. normal flow
  login successful->
  check in page- would you like to check in(or question like "Are you at Metropolia now?")? 1-yes 2-no
  if 1-yes chosen, application start to save user location, if 2-no is chosen, application does not save users location, and it is not possible for user to see his location. anyway user is sent to main page 
  main page view - possible to choose from 5 buttons: 1- view schedule, 2- find friend, 3-view own location, 4-properties, 5 log out
  1-view schedule chosen ->
  schedule shown, possible to click on course name or go to main page
  course name clicked ->
  course details shown, possible to  choose from 3 buttons: 1- view classroom location, 2-view friends on lecture(only works for cources in past or present, not for future courses), 3- go to main page
  view friends on lecture chosen->
  list of friends shown, possible to click on view friend location(only for friends who are shown as active-currently checked in), view friend details (for all) or go to main page
  view location for active friend chosen ->
  map with user's and friend's location shown, possible to choose view other friends (back) or go to main page
  go to main page chosen ->
  main page view - possible to choose from 4 buttons: 1- view schedule, 2- find friend, 3-view own location, 4-properties, 5 log out
  5- log out chosen
  
  1. what can go wrong
  login password information wrong
  connection pure
  user is outside metropolia, but choses to check in, his position could not be found
  real class and schedule class does not match
  etc.
  
  1. other activities going on at the same time
  application saves users location and compares to schedule
  
  1. (successful) end state
  map with locations in accordance to query is shown
  
3. Model one scenario as a flowchart using astah.
[flowchart](flowchart.PNG)
  You can use the following types of nodes
  * start (the initial state) 
  * end state 
  * branching state (= condition)
  * an event state (=something happening)    
  Remember that the arcs always have the direction, from a node to another (or to a same node if needed).   
  Export your diagram as an image and push it to your github project, so you can insert it into your .md file.



####B. User interface

1. List the main views of the system
1. Describe each of the views: what you can see in the view and do with it? What components are included in the view?
2. Draw a wireframe mockup of your views (either using any online editor, MS Visio, paint or simply by hand with pen an paper + scan) and push them to your github project.
1. Describe the state transitions between the views, what views you can access from a view, and the opposite, what views lead to a specific view?

#####Retrun your work in tuubi assignment (one per group). Don't forget to list the team members that participated in editing.
